Previously on 90210:
We're in two
different places.
It's not your fault.
It's because
we've grown apart.
Let's end this.
Hey, Naomi.
See, that's not fair.
You know my name,
but I don't know yours.
Liam.
NAOMI:
Liam's a psychopath
and an awesome kisser.
You filmed us having sex?!
What's wrong with you?
I love you.
Silver, listen...
(screams)
I don't know
what's going on anymore.
You are the reason
we are out here looking
for her right now.
She lives with you, Kelly,
not me, okay?
You're the one who's
supposed to be taking
care of her.
DIXON:
Silver!
I know what
you're going through.
My mom used to go through
the same type of thing.
Silver has bipolar disorder,
just like my birth mom.
♪ A thousand times
I've seen you standing... ♪
DIXON:
Oh, so apparently
they're going to be re-carpeting
the school library.
Oh, yeah?
They're going to be doing it
over spring break.
spring break.
Right.
I'm so out of it.
Is everybody psyched?
Yeah.
Half of the senior class is
going to be partying
on Jake Olson's uncle's yacht
in, uh, in the Greek Isles.
Supposedly his uncle
also invited Keith Richards,
uh, one of the Pussycat Dolls
and...
Cookie?
Um, sure.
Thanks.
You know, you can have
a second if you'd like,
Silver, they're low sugar.
No kidding.
No, thanks.
So, are there any
underclassmen
going to this
yacht shindig or...
You know what, can we
change the subject,
maybe talk about
something else
a little less stimulating?
I'm sorry.
I don't mean
to be a drag.
It's just someone
with bipolar disorder
needs to maintain
balance.
Right. You know,
I totally get it.
Yeah. So, um...
what's new?
How was your yesterday?
Um, let's see...
I woke up, took my meds,
had breakfast
with Kelly.
Did my homework,
had lunch with Kelly,
went to see my therapist,
read an
unstimulating book,
had dinner with Kelly,
took more meds,
wrote in my journal,
listened to some
unstimulating music
and went to sleep.
It was a blast.
DIXON:
Structure's
important.
I'm sure.
DONNA:
Yes, it is.
Speaking of structure,
Dixon,
I'm sorry, but I think
that's enough
visiting for now.
Sure, no problem.
Hey, Kelly?
Can we get some privacy
to say good-bye?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, of course.
I'll come over tomorrow,
if you want.
Dixon, you should take
a breather.
Go somewhere for spring break.
I was thinking about it.
But the thought of leaving
when you maybe needed me
seemed kind of crazy.
It's okay.
Just go.
Have some fun.
I mean it.
Maybe.
I'll call you later?
Not after 8:00.
♪ Singing ♪
♪ Sweetly... ♪
(Dixon chuckling)
T-minus six hours
until spring break freedom.
Whatever.
Who cares?
Whoa.
Call me the most perceptive
brother in the world,
but I think you're not
totally excited
about said break.
It's just...
You know, me and Ethan were
going to spend
the whole vacation together,
and do all of these
fun L.A. things
that we never have time to do.
And then I was gonna
get my prom dress.
But now instead
I'll just spend
the whole time alone,
wallowing in my
post-breakup funk.
Well, instead
of wallowing,
how would you feel about a
little brother-sister road trip?
Are you serious?
Yeah. Silver's pretty
much holed up
with Kelly 24/seven.
Come on, I miss... I miss
hanging out with you.
We used to do stuff
together all the time.
Ever since we got here...
I don't know, it just seems like
we don't have any
one-on-one time.
I know.
Well, a road trip to where?
I was thinking Arizona.
What's in Arizona?
Adventure.
Oh, and about five water parks
all within a 150-mile radius.
What, water parks?
Are you serious?
Uh, that's if you
don't love 'em anymore.
Oh, you bite your
blasphemous tongue.
But Mom and Dad are never going
to let us go to Arizona alone.
Yeah, but they will let us
go to Grandma's house
in Palm Springs.
J-Just saying.
I know how much you're all going
to miss me over spring break,
so for those of you who
just can't bear it,
I still have a few
slots left open
on my Habitat for Humanity trip.
Volunteer house-building crap?
Yeah, otherwise known
as a chance to help victims
of the California wildfires
rebuild their lives.
Unless there's going to be
drunk chicks doing body shots,
I'm gonna stick
with South Beach.
You're such
a pig, Jaime.
Thank you, Naomi.
Any interest?
Build houses for poor people--
have poor people wait on me
hand and foot in Cabo...
Tough choice.
Let me ask you this--
how many times have you
been to Cabo?
Hmm, probably as many times
as you've been
to whatever discount shoe store
you frequent.
(students chuckle)
Don't any of you want
to do something different
every once in a while?
You know, experience
something you haven't
experienced before
or, uh, learn something
about yourselves?
I'll sign up.
Seriously?
Why not?
I want to experience things
I've never experienced before.
Take a risk, for a change.
JAIME:
Me, too.
That's why I'm going to Vegas
with my dad's black card.
That sounds real meaningful.
Glad to have you, Ethan.
Will you pass this back?
I cannot believe we ever dated.
I mean, the fact that you find
this trip
even remotely interesting is...
(bell ringing)
Hey, you. I didn't know you
signed up for the... Ugh...
Habitat for Humanity
trip. I did, too.
How excited are you
about giving something
back to poor people?
I'm in Matthews'
sociology elective
and I cut a few classes.
He's making me go.
Otherwise he's going to fail me.
It sucks.
Yeah, I know,
it totally sucks.
I'm actually being made
to go to by, you know, family.
But I guess, silver lining,
it looks like we'll be able
to spend some time together.
Yeah, maybe.
See you later.
Silver?
You okay?
I was in the shower.
For an hour?
Just looking for
a little privacy.
KELLY:
Right.
Here.
Okay...
it's time for your mood chart.
Let's see here--
it's 9:30.
What is your mood?
Irritated.
Okay, irritated.
How irritated, on a scale
of one to ten?
I was at a four,
but you asked me--
that bumped me up to a six.
Six, okay, then.
How would you
like to spend
your time before bed?
Would you like to journal?
No, I would not like to journal.
Nor would I like to use
the word "journal" as a verb.
Okay, um... what do you
want to do, then?
Nothing. Just sit here
in silence.
Okay, fine.
(sighs)
(doorbell ringing)
I'll get it.
(gasps)
Surprise!
Donna!
Oh, my gosh! Oh!
KELLY:
Oh, Ruby, look at you. Oh!
Now, you don't have to take
your shoes off.
I'm so used to doing
it in Japan.
You know what, I'll take
whatever height I can get.
I don't want to look
like a pipsqueak next to
my half-sister-in-law who's so
grown up and so beautiful.
And, Silver, come here
and give me a hug.
How are you?
I've been better.
But I've been
a lot worse.
And I'm so happy
that you're here.
Don't worry--
not too happy.
DONNA:
I'm happy to be here.
When Kelly told me what
you went through,
all I wanted to do was
come to L.A. and hug you.
Thanks.
Oh, what about
your work?
Won't the entire Japanese
fashion world collapse
in your absence?
Well, there'll probably be a
lot of skyping and e-mailing
to remind my employees
which end of the zipper goes
at the top of the dress,
but they'll survive.
I'm in L.A.
I hugged Silver.
Now Ruby and I can go
check into a hotel.
No way!
Sammy's visiting Dylan, so you
guys can stay in his room.
Yeah.
Okay?
Okay.
So what can I get you?
We have juice, water, wine.
Oh, uh, we have
some amazing
sugar-free cookies.
They taste like Styrofoam.
That sounds delicious.
But you
know what,
I'm going to make
you guys some tea.
We'll have our
own little chanoyu,
which is the Japanese
tea ceremony.
Ooh.
Look at you, all
worldly and stuff.
Oh, shut up.
No, you're famous.
You are.
What can I say?
The French have Jerry Lewis,
the Japanese have Donna Martin.
Who knew?
Okay, you go make some tea
and then you can
tell us all about
your glamorous life.
Yes, and do not leave out
a sequin.
Uh, actually,
Silver,
you have to get to bed.
Sorry.
Fine.
Good night, Donna.
Good night.
Night, Kelly.
I'll explain. I have
a lot to tell you.
Okay, so we just
have to call Mom and Dad
in an hour and 45 minutes
and let them know
that we made it
to Palm Springs.
Nice.
You are one crafty sister.
I know.
Brother-sister road trip.
(laughing)
All right, so look,
the first song of a road trip--
super important, all right?
Sets the whole tone.
You know what we've got
to listen to, right?
Mm-hmm.
"Seasons of Love."
"No Sleep 'Til Brooklyn."
The Beastie Boys?
Rent? Are you serious?
All right, look, look,
the driver controls the music.
The passenger
controls the snacks.
(clearing throat)
May I have
a refreshment, please?
Why, certainly you may.
Yep, it is all yours...
once I start hearing the sweet
sounds of the Rent soundtrack.
Don't, don't don...
Oh.
All right, remember, we
have, we have some time.
We have miles to go.
Watch. Watch. (laughs)
So just you and me.
Mm-hmm.
How will we
pass the time?
Oh, I got
an idea:
sex.
Lots
of sex...
starting now.
Starting later.
No, no, no!
I have an assignment
for my photography class.
I have to line up a nude model.
Hubba hubba.
Really? That's your response?
One hubba too many?
(laughs)
Sorry. You're right.
You know, sweetheart, this is
a professional undertaking
and I, I should behave
accordingly.
I'd appreciate that.
You know something, sweetheart?
I-I haven't watched you work
in a long time.
I want to see
the magic happen.
(chuckles)
I bet you do.
(laughs)
RYAN:
Uh, now look, everyone.
Susanna here is a real stickler
for rules, and you know,
with good reason.
There's a lot of kids,
a lot of power tools.
I'm just saying, I don't want
to take anyone to the hospital,
uh, because I don't know
where it is.
Hi. Play your cards right,
maybe we'll get some
alone time together.
That's an oxymoron.
RYAN:
Uh, one last thing
to be aware of,
this is Chumash country.
So if you find any Native
American artifacts
or anything that might
be worth money,
go ahead and return that to me.
Hope we find some of that
ancient Chumash weed.
I heard that stuff gets
you so messed up!
Are you talking
about peyote?
Which Native Americans used
to expand their minds
and open themselves up
to revelations?
Because I wouldn't recommend it.
You might realize
what an idiot you are.
(laughs)
RYAN:
All right, guys,
that's enough.
Introduce yourselves to Susanna.
She's gonna give
you your assignments.
Let's do some good here,
you know? Let's build a house!
Whoo!
S...
E!
Hey, you.
Liking the trip so far?
Yeah. I mean,
I'm excited
for things to get
going, you know?
But it definitely
feels good
to be doing
something different
and bust out of
my comfort zone...
Yeah, I totally get it.
So listen, if I said
to someone,
"I can't wait to spend
some alone time together,"
and that person said to me,
"That's an oxymoron,"
what do you think
that person meant?
Uh, that it's an oxymoron
to be alone together.
No, not what he meant.
What he meant meant.
What are you
talking about?
Okay, so I have this
little thing going
with Liam.
I don't know.
He's playing it really
close to the vest.
I think he's into me.
I mean, why wouldn't he be?
But then he says
these cryptic things
like "maybe" and
"that's an oxymoron,"
and I'm just, like, "What?"
So, what do you think?
I think, ideally,
you'd talk
to someone else
about this.
Who?
The girls on this trip are
smelly granolas.
I mean, seriously, they're
wearing utility sandals.
And not a single one of them
complimented me on
my adorable little shorts.
(chuckles)
Hey, you could talk to Liam!
Suss out what he
thinks about me.
Yeah, absolutely not.
Great, so you'll
think about it. 'Kay!
No! Not doing it.
No, Monday is
not good enough.
I need the samples
by Friday.
Did you hear back from Paris?
(speaking Japanese)
Karl Lagerfeld...
(speaks Japanese)
Very impressive, Donna.
And also illegal.
You're not allowed to drive
and talk on the phone
at the same time
anymore without a Bluetooth.
Are you serious?
Well, I haven't been behind
the wheel for quite a while.
Oh, by the way, the public
transportation system in Tokyo
is so amazing.
(laughing)
What?
Just picturing you
on the subway.
What? I love the subway.
Well, people change, I guess.
Oh, my gosh.
Speaking of change,
I drove by Now Wear This
the other day.
Oh, our old store.
Yeah!
Now it's a different kind
of boutique.
Specializing in
medical marijuana.
No way.
Way.
Well, maybe if we had sold
hemp clothing
we wouldn't have
gone bankrupt.
Well, we tried,
didn't we?
You can't win 'em all.
What are you talking about?
You won Japan.
And you and David are like
a power couple.
Hey, speaking of David,
how is he?
You haven't said anything
about him.
Oh, David is,
David is fabulous. Fabulous.
He just got a big promotion
and you know that
girl rapper he discovered,
the 15-year-old
from Osaka?
Yeah.
She's totally blowing up.
Oh, you know what?
We have to go
to Opening Ceremony
and to Curve.
We have a lot of
shopping to do.
DIXON:
Look, I'm just saying,
this is the third time
we've stopped already.
Maybe if you stop drinking
so much Dr. Pepper.
We're on a road trip.
Drinking Dr. Pepper is
practically a requirement.
Then the next stop better have
a snack machine,
'cause I need
to be re-chipified.
Hey, Dixon, um...
thanks for suggesting this trip.
It's exactly what I needed.
Yeah. Me, too.
Put the paper down
on the toilet.
(keypad beeping)
Hi. Um...
is Dana Bowen there?
Oh, okay.
Well, um, do you know
when she'll be back from lunch?
Um, no, no, it's cool.
Um, uh, I don't need
to leave a message.
I'll come see her myself.
All right, thank you. Bye.
NAOMI:
Pretty please?
To make up for you
cheating on me with Annie.
No, we were broken up.
Let's not dwell
on the details.
It hurt.
Plus, I'm going
to keep bugging you
until you say yes anyway.
I mean, I never get
tired of bugging.
I could bug you
all day long.
Fine, fine! I'll ask Liam
if he likes you
just so you'll shut up.
Yay! Hey, don't tell him
I sent him, or sent you
or that I like him.
In fact,
don't mention me at all.
Except to, of course, find
out if he likes me. Um...
(quietly):
Just shut up!
Hey, man, I'm Ethan.
Good for you.
Uh, well, hey, look,
I know it's like an awkward
question, but, uh...
do you (clears throat)
like Naomi?
Huh.
Hey, so this must be
the part
where the, uh, jealous
ex-boyfriend comes over
and threatens the new guy.
You gonna punch me now?
No, I'm not going
to punch you.
Oh, come on.
Isn't that how you jocks roll?
I mean, don't get me wrong,
I think it's adorable.
Unfortunately,
I'm not really in the mood
for a pissing contest right now.
Hey, man, what's your problem?
They run out of black eyeliner
at Rebels-R-Us?
Take it easy.
Don't go into
a 'roid rage.
Go to hell.
Right back at you, man.
The guy's an ass.
Yeah, I know.
But does he like me?
♪ ♪
(speaking Japanese)
I don't like when they cut
the octopus too thin.
Me either.
(chuckles) Okay...
We have 45 minutes
before we have to pick up Silver
from therapy.
Okay.
So, how are you holding up?
Well, I love Silver's doctors.
Both her psychiatrist
and her therapist
are great,
and she's responding
really well
to the medicine.
Kel...
I didn't ask
how Silver's doing.
I asked how you're doing.
It's been hard.
I can tell that
Silver resents
my constant monitoring,
but I don't care.
I am willing
to do whatever it takes
for her to get
better, even if
it means she ends up hating me.
Thank you.
The octopus looks pretty good.
Yeah, see to me,
it still looks like octopus.
(laughs)
Hey, guys,
sorry to interrupt.
I just have to say
I love your dress.
Oh, thank you.
I just spent, like, the whole
morning trooping around stores
looking for something to wear
to this premiere party.
Your dress is
the first thing
I've seen that I actually like.
You're Diablo Cody, right?
Yeah.
Diablo Cody.
She wrote Juno.
Sorry. Uh, maybe it didn't come
to Japan.
Oh, no, it did, but they called
it Teenage Mommy-Girl.
No. You wrote
Teenage Mommy-Girl?
I loved that movie.
Thank you.
I love your dress.
She designed it.
Donna is amazing.
She's like the Stella McCartney
of Japan.
Minus the rock star pedigree...
and the rock star baggage.
Well, who sells your stuff?
I would love to wear one
of your dresses
to this premiere.
Oh...
No one around here,
unfortunately.
But she sews really fast,
don't ya?
Yes, I have
been known to sew rather fast,
especially before
the Japanese Oscars.
DIABLO: Cool.
All rightie, buckaroos, you'll
be stayin' in "Cowhide."
You need anything at all,
feel free to pick up the phone
and give a hee-haw.
Have fun.
Okay, maniac,
where did you
find this place?
They were running
a deal online.
Oh, no wonder.
So, where should
we begin?
I was leaning towards Oasis
because it has
an eight-story tower
and was voted one
of the ten-best
water parks
by the Travel Channel,
but maybe we shouldn't start
with the best.
Dixon?
Where should we start,
Oasis or Big Surf?
Look, I gotta tell you
something.
We're not actually here
for the water parks.
My birth mom lives here.
♪ ♪
Hey, so we met the woman
who wrote Teenage Mommy-Girl.
Juno.
Diablo Cody?
Yeah.
You met Diablo Cody?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. Donna's gonna
design her dress
for some big premiere.
No way! I have been reading
her blog for years.
She's my idol.
And I'm gonna style her, too.
Well, 'cause I'm such
a control freak.
I want to make sure she doesn't
pick out any crazy accessories.
Wait. Do you want
to come with me?
Maybe you could
be my assistant.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I would love it.
No, you guys. I...
It's not a good idea.
It's, you know, a big red carpet
event with all the people
and paparazzi
and celebrities
and limos and... no.
I-I just think
it's too much.
Kelly...
I'm sorry, Silver.
You just got out
of the hospital.
(sighs)
Mood: angry.
Level ten.
♪ Old Jack was king ♪
♪ But she stole the scene... ♪
(grunting)
Yeah, you're not
supposed to break branches
off of living trees
for kindling.
Look, who it is, the
oxymoron himself.
And yes, I know
what that means.
Oh, aren't you
the little philologist.
(laughs)
I need to get
back to camp.
I wish you wouldn't.
Really? And why is that?
Because... we can't
do this at camp.
♪ ♪
NAOMI:
There you are.
(sighs)
So, Liam and I
did it in the woods.
He totally likes me.
It was so obvious.
And yes, it was amazing.
(sighs)
The things he did
with his hands...
Maybe just
tell him this.
He went off
to score some peyote.
Lame. He knows
I hate drugs.
(chuckles)
He is a bad, bad boy.
ETHAN:
Hey.
Mr. Matthews,
so, uh, are we gonna
get a chance
to explore the area?
Ah, yeah. You know,
unfortunately,
I don't think there's
gonna be time for that.
So basically, this whole
trip is just like school,
only with hot dogs
and hammering?
And s'mores.
Come on, man,
what were you expecting?
I don't know.
To interact with
different people,
to get different
perspectives.
I just wanted
something different
to happen, anything.
You said that we
were gonna learn
something new
about ourselves.
Well, you learned
you don't like hammering.
Look, be patient, man,
maybe you will.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
(camera clicking)
No, no, I-I'm just,
I'm just saying,
you could
have told me.
I did tell you.
No, you said,
"nude model."
I assumed that you
meant a woman.
That's not my fault.
Can you turn
a little to the left?
D-Do you have to
get that close?
Harry...
It is a legitimate
question.
I'm just saying,
you got a naked man
standing in front of you
with his schlong hanging out.
I can hear you.
Sorry, buddy.
(sighs)
No problem.
(clears throat)
(phone ringing)
Okay.
Let's go back.
Annie.
Why don't you
take that outside?
Oh, you'd like
that, wouldn't you?
(sighs)
Hi, sweetheart.
How's Grandma's
house?
Great, great.
Yes, terrific.
We are just,
we're sitting by the pool.
What are you guys up to?
Just working on
a crossword puzzle.
Okay.
Well, then I will let
you get back to it.
Have a good night.
Tell Dixon we love him.
Uh, will do.
Bye.
That is really good.
That's amazing.
What the hell?
Oh, my goodness,
these are gonna be so great!
(sighs)
What's wrong?
I didn't like lying
to Dad like that.
We were already lying to him.
I mean, we're not
in Palm Springs.
It's not the same thing,
and you know it, Dixon.
Fine. I know. But I couldn't
tell Mom and Dad about this,
about my birth mother.
They would have made
some big deal out of it.
Yeah, okay, maybe.
But... but why'd you lie to me?
You told me
we were here
for water parks.
I was gonna tell you.
I just thought
you might be upset.
Yeah, well,
you were right, I am.
Or freaked out
or something.
Look, I just want to see her.
I want to make sure she's okay.
And if she is, then what?
You gonna stay here in Arizona?
Of course not.
Geez, Annie.
I'm sorry.
I know that.
Or at least I
think I know.
It's just, you have
this whole past,
this whole family,
this, this whole side of you
that I don't know.
Yeah, I-I get it.
I guess in a way,
there's a whole side of me
I don't even know.
And that's really weird.
I need to tell her I'm sorry.
For what?
After my grandma died,
this social worker asked me
if I wanted to go back
and live with my mom
or if I wanted to be adopted.
I was so mad with my mom
for being crazy, you know?
So I chose adoption.
I left her.
Yeah.
Ever since all this happened
with Silver,
I see things differently.
She had a disease.
It wasn't her fault.
So I just want to see
how she's doing
and tell her I'm sorry.
Oh. Hey, dude.
What do you want?
I heard you might
have some peyote.
I'll pay you for it.
Let me think.
No.
Why not?
Because I don't think
you can handle it.
Oh, yeah?
Well, how about this?
You give me some, or I'll tell
Matthews you're holding.
Think you can handle that?
Blackmail, huh?
Not exactly keeping with
the ancient Chumash spirit.
Fine.
I'll make the tea tomorrow
night, we'll drink it together.
Uh, no thanks, man.
I think I'll be fine on my own.
Easy does it, jock.
This is a pretty
hard-core experience.
You need a guide.
Someone to make sure
you don't freak
and try to saw off
that prized lacrosse arm.
That's the deal.
Otherwise, no dice.
Hey. Sorry.
Did I wake you?
Oh, no.
I had to go to the bathroom,
and I saw the light on.
Can I see?
Of course,
please.
(chuckles)
Oh, wow.
I love this fabric.
Oh.
Um, so, what do you
think of the dress?
It's gorgeous.
But better get back to bed
before the warden
realizes that I'm up.
Hey, Silver,
hold on a sec.
I, uh,
I just want to tell you
a little story.
When I had
my first runway show in Japan,
everything
going great,
until this one model, Yuko,
refused to wear
the heels I picked out.
She went on and
on about how
they were impossible to walk in.
I was furious.
How dare she try
to ruin my show, right?
Yeah, totally.
Well, then I put on said heels.
Walked two steps,
fell flat on my butt.
(laughs)
Yuko was
totally right.
I thought she was trying
to ruin my show,
but she was really just
trying to make it good.
Do you see what
I'm trying to say?
Yeah.
That Kelly and I should try
walking in each other's shoes.
Huh.
That story works on two levels.
Yeah, well, Kelly's shoes suck.
(sighs softly)
So, just, uh, give me a
shout when you're done,
and I'll come
get you.
I'm gonna explore.
Sounds good.
I'll...
That's her.
Go.
I can't.
Yes, you can.
No. No.
I-I can't.
I can't.
Thought I was ready
to see her.
But I'm not.
It's still too painful.
I wish I could go
apologize to her.
But I'm just not ready yet.
Excuse me.
You are Dana Bowen, right?
Yeah.
I'm Annie.
I'm Dixon's sister.
My-my Dixon?
Yeah.
Um, we drove here
so he could
see you.
He wanted to tell
you something.
But then he got too nervous,
so I said I would do it.
Well, what?
What-what did he want
to tell me?
He wanted to apologize.
What does he have
to apologize for?
When he was eight,
a social worker asked him
if he wanted to stay with you
or get adopted.
So, he wanted
to apologize
for choosing to leave.
He thought that was his choice?
Yeah.
He was an eight-year-old kid.
I mean,
that social worker
might have asked him,
but believe me,
I made the decision.
Because it was
what was best for him.
Well, I will tell him that.
Thank you.
Wait.
Can you stay a minute?
Is he...
Um...
Is Dixon okay?
Dixon's great.
He's really great.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, you know.
I got a job,
an apartment...
I'm doing okay.
He will be so glad to hear that.
So, he finally got
himself a sister, huh?
You know, growing up,
Dixon always wanted one.
He used to beg me to buy him
a sister at the hospital.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
His little cousin, um,
she left a little baby doll
at the house once.
Well, Dixon said she left it,
but I always thought
he stole it.
(laughs)
He used to drag
that doll around,
calling it his sister.
Named her Mango.
Mango?
Mango.
(laughs)
ETHAN:
How much longer
till it kicks in?
LIAM:
Any minute now.
Here's what
Hunter Thompson taught me.
Look at a fixed
point in the horizon
and start taking
deep breaths.
Faster. Oxygen helps
activate the mescaline.
You should be
feeling it now.
Empty your mind.
Really empty it.
(rustling nearby)
Whoa...
Check out that coyote.
What coyote?
There was just a...
Look, there was just...
Whoa, am I tripping?
Right on.
That wasn't a coyote.
That was a peyote coyote.
Cool.
It's time to
close your eyes.
Now...
picture your own face.
Okay.
And go into the image
of your face
till you're looking
into one of your eyes.
Uh-huh. Okay.
What is your expression
on the face within your face?
I think I'm frowning.
Whoa.
That's, uh, surprising.
Yeah, that's... that's not
how people see me.
But it's the face
within the face.
You know what
I'm saying?
I think so.
People think I'm someone
different than I am.
Let me ask you something,
why do you smile?
I smile...
...'cause I don't want
to cause trouble for anyone.
I don't want to make
anyone's life harder.
Not my teachers,
not my coaches,
definitely not my parents.
My brother's autistic,
so they need me to be easy,
not make any waves.
I don't want
to cause any conflicts,
so I just pretend
like I'm fine.
Even when I'm not.
It's like a habit, I guess.
But I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of always
being the good guy.
I'm tired of feeling
like a phony.
(distant echoing howl)
♪ ♪
Okay, you are making
this dress look so good.
Please. This dress is
making me look good.
You have got to open a
store in L.A., Donna.
Seriously, we
need you here.
Whoa! How'd you
get that past me?
Diablo, it's time to
hit the red carpet.
Let's go, let's
go, let's go.
Okay.
Oh, wait!
Come on, let's go.
Let's go!
Hold on. Hold on.
Wait, wait, wait!
Wait! Wait!
REPORTER: The stars are
on the red carpet tonight.
Right now, being joined
by Oscar winner
Diablo Cody.
Nice to see you.
Looking fantastic.
DIABLO: Hi! Nice
to see you, too!
Is that...
Donna!
...I have to ask you,
where's the Academy Award...
Donna is on
the red carpet!
Oh!
(cheering)
Tell me a little bit
about your dress.
Uh, this is a
Donna Martin.
Huh?
Uh, yeah, actually, I have the
designer right here with me.
(gasps)
Donna, perfect, tell me a
little bit about your style.
What...
Hi, everybody.
Sorry.
(squealing)
(laughing and cheering)
Oh, my God.
DIABLO:
You're actually not going to
believe this, but God knows...
(laughing)
(TV clicks off)
We haven't laughed
like this in a while.
Yeah.
I know you think
I'm too strict,
but we can't forget
what happened.
And I don't!
Believe me, I don't forget
about it for an instant.
I have this to remind
me every day.
But I don't want my whole life
to be about that.
You know, Donna used to work
with this model named Yuko...
Wait, she told you
that story, too?
Yeah.
All right, look,
you were right
about the premiere.
It would have been
too much for me.
But I still need some
spontaneity in my life.
Even if it's
just deciding to...
put on a face masque
and bake some cookies,
watch a horror movie.
What do you say we put on a face
masque, bake some cookies?
And watch a horror movie?
Don't push it.
(laughing)
Come on.
Yeah. No more phoniness.
No more faking it.
From now on,
if I'm upset about stuff,
people are going to know it.
I'm-I'm talking a lot.
Am I ruining your high?
Nah.
It's pretty profound going
along with someone else's trip.
I'm going to take a leak.
(sighs) This stuff's delicious.
(rustling)
(Liam yells)
Damn!
Liam?
I'm over here.
(groaning)
I jacked my ankle.
Oh, man.
You look weird down there.
Will you give me a hand?
Sure.
No, no.
Wait. That's what
the old Ethan
would've done-- would've helped
out, been the good guy.
What if this is some kind
of cosmic test?
This isn't a cosmic test.
How do you know
it's not a cosmic test?
Because you didn't take peyote,
jackass.
What?
You worked all day
inhaling paint fumes,
you had a few too many beers
and you drank some herb tea.
You were screwing with me?
Yeah. My bad.
Now, can you get
me out of here?
Thanks.
(fists smacking)
(groans)
If you can't bring Mohammed
to the mountain...
(screaming)
Hi.
Diablo Cody is in my house,
and my face is
a crusty pukefest.
I once knew a
stripper named
Crusty Pukefest.
Oh, my God!
I love your dress.
I love your movie.
I love your TV show.
Thank you.
I love your blog!
I love your book!
I love your hair!
Oh, my God, I love your hair.
Then, you know,
we have to get a picture.
Would you mind
doing the honors?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
DIABLO:
Awesome.
(squealing)
Diablo Cody!
Okay!
(camera shutter snaps)
Look, I tried to score
peyote and I couldn't.
I messed with you because I
don't respond well to threats.
And because
you're a douchebag.
Okay, that, too.
You wanted a self-revelation
and you got one.
You just weren't high.
Hallucinogens aren't all
they're cracked up to be.
Oh, thanks, Dr. Drew.
I'm serious.
Last time I dropped acid,
I lost it and tried
to cut my arm off.
I would have cut down
to the bone
if my girl hadn't stopped me.
Whoa, that's...
Crazy?
No kidding.
Now you know something
about me, okay?
So we're even.
I knew you were going to
punch me sooner or later.
Go to hell.
It's so nice having you here.
Not to be selfish, but
sometimes it really sucks
having my best friend live
halfway around the world.
Yeah.
You know, I've actually
been toying with the idea
of opening a store
in L.A... Who knows?
Maybe L.A. is ready for
me now, hemp or no hemp.
Oh, that would be amazing.
Do you think David
would go for it?
Donna, what's going on?
David and I are separated.
I'm sorry.
(rock music plays)
You have the worst
taste in music.
Don't say that.
I am your Mango.
I swear to you,
I do not remember
anything about that doll.
Oh, Mango thinks you do.
(chuckling)
Look, um...
Thank you
so much for
talking to her.
You know,
'cause if you hadn't, um...
I still would have
been feeling bad
and really guilty.
And next time,
when I am ready
to talk to her...
will you come back
with me again?
Of course.
Hey, you.
I thought maybe you
could give me a ride.
Your house
on the way to Ethan's?
Excuse me?
(indistinct conversation)
You're giving him a ride?
Forget it. I have my car
here, I just remembered.
And I just remembered how
hot you were in the woods,
so don't worry.
You'll be getting
that ride very soon.
♪ ♪